chore: 7.2.0 known issue for losing calibration data when downgrading OT-2 (#14584)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: api/release-notes.md

- Removed the `notify_server` Python package and `/notifications/subscribe` WebSocket endpoint, as they were never fully used. (See pull request [#14280](https://github.com/Opentrons/opentrons/pull/14280) for details.)

### Known Issues

> - Downgrading an OT-2 to an earlier software version will delete tip length calibrations created with version 7.2.0. If you need to downgrade, re-run all calibrations afterward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Downgrading an OT-2 to an earlier software version will delete tip length calibrations created with version 7.2.0 or later. If you need to downgrade, re-run tip length and pipette offset calibrations afterward.
```
